{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f433\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f434\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f436\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f437\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f438\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f439\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f440\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f441\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f453\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f454\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f456\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f457\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f458\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f459\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f460\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f461\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f773\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f774\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f776\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f777\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f780\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f781\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}
{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3366887\rsid3833196\rsid15032135\rsid15104118}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Alex Taylor}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy3\hr20\min1}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy3\hr20\min6}{\version4}{\edmins3}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords4811}{\nofchars27428}{\nofcharsws32175}{\vern87}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1720\margb1720\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot3366887 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta }}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta }}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta }}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3366887 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Concordia University
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 NETWORKING
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Wednesday, October 3, 2018
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 C-PRINT CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ALTERNATIVE COMMUNICATION SERVICES, LLC
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 www.captionfamily.com
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 * * * * *
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 C-Print Captioning is provided in order to facilitate communication accessibility. C-Print captioning and this realtime file may not be a totally verbatim record of the proceedings.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 * * * *
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \line \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
>> PROFESSOR: Good morning. My apologies. Did anyone have troubl\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e with traffic today? You didn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t see any problems there?
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Let us go back to where we stopped. I think in between 248 and 249 and 352... Okay. Remember that in the first lecture we talked about traffic intensity. When you talk about traffic intensity it mea
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ns you have a wire and that wire can take some capacity. The wire is capable of taking some here. This is what we talk about with putting things in the wire. It\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s about transmission. The wire is capable of taking some amount of time. This depends on the (\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ?\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 )
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 How much are you able to give me? The answer is, if I give you L then it depends on how L converts to R . If what you give me is too small then I won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t have a problem. But if you give me something big I am loaded. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 So,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  l/r refers to traffic intensity. The\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 more intense you are the more trouble it is going to become. Ideally, I want my traffic intensity to be close to 0. When this amount is close to 0 meaning we have a big }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 load,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and everything will be fast. The more this goes to 1 that means I am really loade
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 d and running at my full capacity. Every time I get rid of something you are giving me more. I am }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 loaded,}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 queuing}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  happens.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 If you look at the whole idea here then traffic intensity becomes critical. If you remember, if that happens, more than 1, then th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e delay will turn infinite. It will shut everything. We looked at that. What is going on here is that the typical view of the network of computers in a local area network, think of Concordia. Think you and some of your friends are trying to browse somethi
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g from the web. Within that local area network the speed is high. Machines are connected with quality }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 wires,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 so you can achieve a rate of 100 megabits per second. Your request will go through the router at Concordia and to the internet and finally to the se\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 rver you are looking for information from.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Assume you and your friend together, the total number of requests you are trying to do here is 15 meg. Every second you are asking for 15 meg. You are loading images or video with a total of 15 meg every second. 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
How much time will it take me until everyone gets the information? Let us start by creating http request. I want that image. Your friend will make a request. How big are these requests? They are small. You are sending to a server saying you want that imag
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 How much time will it take me for my request to go here? Almost nothing. Maybe microseconds. Very little amount. That router will take it and put the request here. How much time it will take me to put this request up, 15 megs? Nothing. Why? Because I ju
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t have a few requests, the requests themselves are a few bytes. This will take me microseconds and a little amount of time I don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t even bother about.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 In the internet it takes me some time because you have to go ask the server and the server now has to giv\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e you the image or whatever you are asking for. This amount is about 2 seconds. Very heavy compared to the rest. Then I have to push this data down until you get it. What is the total time you have? If you want to know delay then you have three of them. Y
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
u add them to get the delay: Network, link, and internet. If this is very fast, that the delay is milliseconds, fine, it does not matter. If you are telling me that this is 2 seconds plus microseconds plus the delay on that link. Here it becomes what is a
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
delay? The answer is, in my way up there was no delay. I am just sending requests. The trouble is now I have 15 megs coming so what is the traffic intensity? From the internet you push 15 meg into the wire and that wire has a capacity of 15 meg. That traf
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 f\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ic intensity is 100%. 1.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
This results in delays in the magnitude of minutes. In total you push the request and 10 minutes later you get a reply. Terrible. If you look at our calculation here we have three types of delay. You get that amount and we will be
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 done. When my request comes back to make sure you follow this, I have 15, but this 15 going in the network of 100. How loaded is that network? What is its traffic intensity? You ask for 15 and this supports 100 so you have 15%. There is no delay here. In
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 the end my network is loaded only microseconds. The internet is 2 seconds. I am okay. This one becomes minutes. That is exactly what I described to you.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This is the total delay. 2 seconds on the internet and minutes in the link and microseconds in my LAN.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 One way to improve that is to go like that. Just let us increase the capacity of my link. If you do that will it help in reducing your time? Let us calculate again. I know this is microseconds. The load is little anyways. When I come back it is 15/100 mi
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
roseconds. The internet here is 2 seconds. The request going up here is nothing. I have 100 meg and a few bytes. I ignore that. When my data comes back, 15, the traffic intensity is now 15%. This 15% will be very small amount of time compared to the 2 sec
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 nds on the internet. Maybe it is milliseconds. In total what is my time now? I have some microsecond or millisecond here and 2 seconds. We can know it is 2 seconds.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 It went down from minutes to seconds. The solution has a very fatal side effect. Money. I \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
have to dig underground and support this. The solution is expensive. If the next day you have a total of more people working and pushing at 100 megabits per second this link is no longer good. One solution here is no, let us put our cache, a small machine
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
sitting beside us here. If you talk at Concordia in the building and the ninth floor there is a cache. When my machine asks for information from the internet the request will not go to the internet, but the cache. The request goes to the cache. I am putti
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g my link back to 15. If I do that then how much time will it cost me? It looks like it is a solution, where I didn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t spend money, I just bought a 4000 dollar server. Trivial amount.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 How much time now will it take me? What is your h}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  rate\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 , meaning when\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  you get something that cache has some amount of what you are looking }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 for?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 What is a reasonable hit rate? I know very well it won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t be 100%. Not everything I ask the cache will have. It will not be 100% but it won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t be 10%. Usually a reasonable hit rate is
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  between 20% - 70%. Let us be conservative on the lower side. Assume we have a hit rate of 40% so 60% I miss the information. How much time will it take me now in order to get my information? Let us go again from scratch.

\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 How much time is your delay here?\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 Say it is 10 milliseconds in the network. 10 milliseconds is if you ask you go to the cache and the cache gives it to you, that takes 10 milliseconds. I have a delay on my LAN which looks like 10 milliseconds. I have a delay on the internet which is 2 se
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 onds. What is my delay here? You are asking for how much every second? 15 meg. How much of this 15 meg will you find in here? 40% of the time you find it. 60% you }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 miss,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 and you have to go. So how much of 15 meg? 60% of 15 which is how much? It is a number. \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
You are asking -- you have 60% of the time which will cost me -- that is the delay. 60% I will have to go to the internet. It will cost me 2 seconds up plus the load on that link. What is the load on that link? What is the traffic intensity on that link? 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ou are always asking for an average of 9 and this wire can support 15. Your traffic intensity is 60%, it is far from the traffic from this morning.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 You are floating at 60%, meaning the 2 seconds here is higher than the delay you have here. This wire is no\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 longer loaded. Usually at 80% you are okay. At 60% load the delay here is so small that I can ignore it compared to the 2 seconds. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 So,}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  what is my total amount? 40% of the time I go into 10 milliseconds plus 60% of the time. How much time does it take me? Y
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ou are going all the way up. You have a delay here that we found out that we can ignore compared to the 2 seconds. 60% of the time it will take me 2 seconds.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 After that where is my data? My data is here but you have to come to me. How much time will it ta\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ke to come to me? 10 milliseconds. 60% of the time you go all the way to the }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 internet,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 so I will have to carry this 2.01 second. 40% of the time I have 10 milliseconds and 60% I have 2 seconds plus 10 milliseconds. If you calculate that it will give us the \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
number we are looking for which is too good compared to the more expensive solution.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 We spend money changing the link to 100. We didn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t spend any money. That solution will even be better than the expensive one. It comes back to 1.2 seconds with this solut
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ion, which means we have no choice to go like that. You are reducing the load on the network on your link, your cost, everything is great here, just by employing the local cache. But something is not accurate in this number. Something is not right. Let us
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 be tedious. When you tell me that it takes me 10 milliseconds what did you do in this 10 milliseconds? I went from here and asked my server, local cache and it has that }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 information,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 so it will give it to me. If this is the case then it is roughly 5 millisec\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
onds to go and 5 milliseconds to come back. Every time I move that network takes me 5 milliseconds. To go and come back is 5+5, but now this number is not accurate. Why? In this 60% of the time how did I know that I missed? I must have gone to the cache.

\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Let us calculate. It took me 5 milliseconds to get to the cache. The cache says I don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t have it. It will communicate with the router. This is another 5 milliseconds. So far I have 10. When the information came back it did not\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  back to me, it went back t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
o the cache that caches information. Here is another 5 milliseconds. This is another 5. In total it is a 20 millisecond delay. I went back and forth twice. 40% to buy 10 milliseconds and 60% to buy 2.02. Even if we go like that we have a very great soluti
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The question here, numbers don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t lie. What you can debate is what is the side effect? What if I go to the cache and it has }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 information,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 but it is old? Because of that http automatically employs conditional get. Every time that you went to the cache the \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
cache did not give the information, the actual truth is every time you went to the cache the cache went to the server and the internet and said, here is you and here is the server. This client is actually the cache, not you. You made a request to the cach
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 , and the cache has to figure out if it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s old or not. The cache will say, I need this }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 data,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 but I have it. I want it only if it is modified since the time I have it.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 If the server replies saying no, this is exactly what I have now, then it is good and not \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 modified. The cache gives it to you right away. You can argue, why didn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t I look at that part of my delay? Let us see what you are thinking and what you are sending up to the server. Few bytes. No information. You are sending no information. Just a few by\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
es. There is no load }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 there,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 so it won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t take any time. When it comes back here it will also take 0 times because there is no information coming back. It is just one in the header, 404, I am good.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 In case the request comes, this is the time you will miss an\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d go all the way to get information. If you come and say that and assume that object you are looking for it modified the server won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t be so dumb and say yeah it is different. If it says that then you will come back and say give it to me. If this is the re\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 q\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
uest and the object is modified the server will automatically give it. This is when you have a delay. You are going all the time to the internet except the times you get data is 60% of the time. This takes care of the application.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Why are we talking about\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  http? It looks like we have to know about it because we use it all the time. Why do we talk about file transfer? It\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s not fun. Why are we talking about this one? It is small and important because if we don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t have file transfer you can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t do anything. When\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
you browse or get an assignment from the web, for example, someone must have uploaded this file. If the file is not uploaded you can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t browse it. This application is important even if it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s not fun. If I wanted to transfer files so people can retrieve them\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
what do I do? I have to depend on the protocol for file transfer. A file transfer protocol. You have to make a distinction between application and application protocol.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 For example, http is a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 protocol,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  but it is only part of the application. This applicati\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
on has a browser and color and an interface and a way to type your information. Then you will get the stuff looking good in your machine. That is an application. The protocol is just the piece of the application. When you look at how you execute it. You h
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ve http client and http server, but we don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t want to deal with the client and }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 server,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 so we have an interface. You can deal with the interface through command line looking ugly. But maybe we can have a nicer interface and that interface will deal with the c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
lient and the client will communicate with the server. You are trying to retrieve or upload }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 files,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  so it will most likely ask for your name and password.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Authen\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
tication will happen. Http runs on port number 80. This one runs on port number what? 20. When it comes and says okay you are looking at two different ports you must be establishing two different connections, they can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t be the same, that is exactly true. \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 H\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ttp comes in persistent and nonpersistent. With persistent you establish a connection and keep it running until you are done. Here it is different. Http will establish a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 connection,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and both will come on the same channel that you opened. It is inbound meani
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ng you are putting data and control together. Here, http works with two different connections, one for control and one for data. The control goes in port 21 and data is port 20. The data is nonpersistent meaning every time you send a file, establish conne
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 c\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 tion, and close it.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Getting a file is easy. What do you mean by control? Everything that has nothing to do with retrieving or transferring a file is what? What type of control do you have? Maybe one of the controls you have seen is that I have to send the
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 name and password. This is not a file. Maybe I need to create a directory. That is a control. Because it is persistent meaning if you establish a connection, create a directory, and come again from another machine you see the directory. That connection i
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 an advantage to having persistent in the control. Let me open 100 connections and send the file. Like that you consume the server. A very big advantage of having that control persistent is that now ftp will keep track of how many connections are happenin
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 g\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  at the same time. They allow you to have up to 5. If you make another one they will close one and open another.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Information goes on data connection and control goes into two different ports. It looks very cryptic and primitive, meaning the commands of th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 \hich\f2 e protocol are like \'93\loch\f2 
\hich\f2 give me the user, username, password, show me file, directory, upload the file\'94\loch\f2  it is primitive. It is extremely critical for us. You go to the third application, email.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This is what happens with email. You run on one machine thinking\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  you are sending an email. Your email is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 sent,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and you don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t know where. The receiver is not there and maybe two days or two hours later they find that email on the server. How does it work? Between you and everyone else there is a direct connection between\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 the email server. If I want to send you an email I will push my email out and it will go to my mail server. My email server will establish a DIRECT connection with your server. Even if your server is halfway around the earth. Then it will send the inform
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 a\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 tion here. My information will go into an outgoing que and the information arriving to you is in an incoming que and it waits for you to retrieve.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Do we see the server? No. We see our email client like Outlook. Email is a big application using a protocol \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
inside, and that protocol piece is the server email transfer protocol. If you want to send an email you have to follow that protocol. If you want to create an application for email you have to follow that protocol. Whatever you want to do related to email
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 you follow that or it won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t work. What is this direct thing you are talking about? Be careful. If your email server is in Japan and mine is here in Montreal, by saying direct it doesn\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t mean there is a direct wire.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 My email will go through many routers an\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d satellite. It is not direct. It does not mean I have a single link between me and you. What does direct mean? If it is not a single wire, what is it? What do you mean by direct?
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> STUDENT: (away from microphone)
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> PROFESSOR: It stops where? That is r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ight, it stops at? I was stopping along the way at a router but why am I saying this is direct? I did not stop at another email server, meaning that if I go I will not go and send my email from one email server to another server. For example, in one count
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 y to another country. If your email is sent to Tokyo it will go directly to Tokyo. No intermediate mail server. Why?
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 If you would allow that what would happen? You would have a huge security breach because if your email to someone is being stored in the m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
iddle and the server is controlled by reading your email the answer is nothing. Emails establish a connection between the outgoing server and incoming server. If the server is not there your server will wait for 30 minutes and try again. It will wait for 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 3\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 0 minutes and try again. Maybe after 2 days it gives you a warning, there is a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
delay,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  but you don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t need to do anything. I am sure you have seen something like that thinking there is something wrong with your email. Maybe 5 days later if it can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t deliver it\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 says,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 \hich\f2  \'93\loch\f2 \hich\f2 I could not make it\'94.

\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Here the connection has to be direct. You will send the information. If it is not direct you are going to wait for it. Routers are not really controlled by people but in case you are telling me that you have someone that is un
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 trusted sitting in the middle he can snip information. You will see these problems coming.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 I will talk about security but since you asked -- why do you even look at the router? Why do you need to have access to the router for information? You can intercep\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
t the signal from the air and read it right? You can be on the link or wire, not even on the router. We will talk about that in full detail.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Some of the trouble about email that is going to 1982, and because of that if it is text it is converted naturally\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 to ascii. If it is an image or video it is converted to ascii. That is how it is designed. It is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 old,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and we are stuck with that. It works on port number 25 meaning that every one of these applications has a designated port. Email is on 25. This is how it 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 is. Get familiar with them because we will repeat them through the book. Alice and Bob. Get familiar with it.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 What happens here is Alice wants to send an email to Bob. What does Alice need to do? She needs to invoke her user agent like outlook and it will\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 be sent to a mail server and put into an outgoing que and establish a direct connection with the mail server of Bob. When this is done the mail is stored and wait for Bob to come and invoke his user agent and get the email. The email looks like that. The
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
communication looks something like that. Server says, 220 connection is okay. Something is wrong here. It looks as if I have truncated this message because who should talk to whom? The client should talk to the server or server talk to the client? Who ini
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 iates the talk first? The client. But this is clearly saying the server is talking first and it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s not truncated.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Either this is not correct or there is a reason there. How can the server start by talking to the client? How -- the server is sitting somewhe\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
re and client somewhere. How can the server just start talking to any client like that? It is either wrong or really true.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> STUDENT: (away from microphone)
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> PROFESSOR: How did the server know about the client? You are coming close. If this is true th\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e server knows about the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 client,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 so it starts talking. But how did it know about the client?
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 For this connection to be established you must have established a TCP connection. This won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t establish a connection at the transport layer. The one that establishe
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
d a connection is the transport layer, TCP. By the time you are here you went through a three way handshake through TCP and the server and client know they are connected. That is why the server can talk because the connection is done. That is the beautifu
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 l\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  thing about layering. Let TCP do its job to connect. By the time you come here the connection is already done by }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 TCP,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 so the server will say, 220, and the client will say hello , 250, okay you are mail from France nice to meet you. The server will say 250,\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 email okay, Alice. How will you find that this is okay? Client will say my email is going to be sent to Bob and the server will shake, this address is okay. I am good.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Then the server will ask the client to start entering data. The client will say now I \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
am ready to put data. The server tells the client exactly how to put data in. Go in and put information in line by line. When you are done give me an empty line with a dot. Period. Hi Bob, how is it in Paris? Okay I am done, message accepted for delivery.
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Client and server quit.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 If you look at that you can tell these are exact commands. That is looking scary. Did you ever receive an email from yourself that you never sent? Email comes from }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 you,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 but you never sent the email? How does this happen? It is somet\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 hing like that. That guy -- this is one of many. Maybe I should put this in your assignment.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 He went to his Gmail account and checked his box and it }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 says,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 \hich\f2  \'93\loch\f2 \hich\f2 no new messages\'94\loch\f2 . I have no new email. Then he went and got the information from the email server. Y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ou see what is written here? I will stop it in a second. That is exactly what we have seen. He is writing. This is an email from, this is the address, random@person.com. Here is 250 okay. The server is replying. The address looks fine. I am going to send 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 t to -- he will put his email address in this case. That is a reply from the server, I understand it, go ahead. You can be convincing right? Sometimes you receive e-mails from the 1920s. Okay.

\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 It is that easy. Here is the email from ... Subject. You don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 need to write this it can be empty. It is optional. Now the server comes. You will keep writing until you have an empty line with a dot. Okay fine I am done. Quit. Now he goes back to his email box and checks. There is no new email. He will refresh. Here
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 is the email. This is how easy it is to fake an email. You can send that email from anyone to anyone freely. It is that easy. When you think we don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t even do that, what you need to do is write a small script that gets just the e-mails, bodies, and send it.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 When you go to a webpage and you figure out to fill information in the form and it clicks and sends an email, the form will look like that. Your address, the recipient address, or it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s automatic when you send in a form. You get the body in the form and y\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 u customize the message and you send it. It will arrive.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 It is that easy to fake e-mails.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Let us compare the two, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 SMTP}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  to http. One is transferring files between the web server and client and the other is transferring file between mail servers. The files\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 are e-mails being manipulated or transferred between the servers. This is persistent. You will connect to send the email and keep the connection until you are done. This is persistent or nonpersistent. This is asking. Here you can actually get pieces of 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 mail sometimes, meaning the email is one unit but it has a header/subject/text/video. You can get a piece out of this meaning you don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t need to get the entire email but the header or subject. This one, every time you send an object in http it will have it\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  own request and response.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Here you put all of them in the frame. That is fine. Maybe the most important difference between them is that this is a push }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 protocol,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and this is a pull protocol, meaning that email is used to send something out and http you are
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  retrieving information. \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 With http you can send information out and post. It is most of the time pulling information from the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 web,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 but you can still push. The question we need to look out is why we have this server and why we can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t go without it.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 It looks like I have two procedures. I send it to a server, the server sends to server, and then gives the into the client. Let\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s try to eliminate at least one. What prevents me from doing that? You still need a mail server and that has to communicate w\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ith the mail server. But I can implement the mail server as part of my machine. Then I can send my email to my mail server and that communicates with Bob server that happens to be in his machine. There is an advantage. Bob will get it faster because when 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 h\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e retrieves it it is in his machine.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 We have trouble. Last Monday was off right? Next Monday is off correct? The trouble I have is not that the days are off. The trouble I have is you are so quiet as you are all high or on marijuana. We cannot go like tha
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
t. I will schedule a replacement lecture immediately, maybe the end of next week. I will do it because we cannot go on that mode where you are -- all the questions I am asking here are trivia. Either you are shy, which I know you are not, or you are think
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ng about other things. This total quietness is not right.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Why will this not work?
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> STUDENT: (away from microphone)
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> PROFESSOR: Why can Bob not always be connected? You are close your answer is right. Because of his laptop, not even a computer. If this is a server like that I will keep it on. But if it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s my laptop, do you want me to walk on the street with it opened?\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 This machine now has to be on 24 hours every day and I have to have it like that.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Otherwise that server can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t communicate with me and it will try every 30 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
minutes,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  but it won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t work because my machine is down. Maybe this will work. I want to send an }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 email,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
so I have to be alive. Your mail server will be there. We keep the recipient mail }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 server,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  but I don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t need a server because I send it directly. I employ my mail server on the machine. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 So,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 my email is up, I send you an email, and you get it whenever you want.\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  Will that work?
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> STUDENT: Yes.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> STUDENT: (away from microphone)
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> PROFESSOR: Assuming this part is okay.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 What if the receiver\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s server is down? It has to be up now completely meaning that after I send the email, if that is down, I have to continu\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
e being up. If Alice wants to close her machine she can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t close now she has to wait for the server every 30 minutes and try again. You know that it won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t work. The idea of email not needing a user to send email. It is not like phone communication, I can s\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
nd it to you anytime and you get it anytime. This forces Alice to be up 24 hours a day. That does not make sense. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 So,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  in fact both of them won\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t work and we have no choice to say that is the reason we need it.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The server is 100% of the time up. If there is\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  a problem they do this communication. You don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t worry about that. If the email is received or arrives incorrectly, TCP will handle that. The email will arrive and whenever you want it you go and get it.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Will this work? The answer is no it will not. Why? \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 It is a small picture. There are only four images and a few words. You don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
t have many choices here. Assume that most of the time you send an email and you don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t need confirmation.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> STUDENT: (away from microphone)
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 >> PROFESSOR: You are coming close. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 SMTP}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  has to be between the servers. This server and this server must communicate using the same }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 SMTP}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 . I can still use this to send from client to server because }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 SMTP}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  is a what? It is a push protocol. This is going to work.

\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Between the two servers it has to \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 be }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 SMTP}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  . The problem is this will not work because }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 SMTP}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  is not a pull protocol. Bob has to pull his email. This one will not work. Effectively we need the two }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 servers,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 but we have to use something else. This something else is here. What is going on? You ca\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 n use the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 SMTP}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  for the first two pieces but then you have to have a pull }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 protocol,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  so we can have an IMAP.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 The oldest one is really primitive. When I have an }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 email,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  I have to retrieve it. How will I retrieve it? It asks the user to connect, list, retrieve. \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 It looks like that. What Bob will say is I won
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t see my }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 email,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  so it is the server starting and you know why because the TCP connection is done. The server says Bob server ready? Bob, my username. Give me the password because I have a user with the name Bob
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 . Password: Hungry. You are good. You will see email 1 and e-mail . Retrieve 1. The email is put in his machine.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 What is that again? When you delete then email 2 becomes 1. What is the trouble? Where is my old email? The old email is gone where? To your m\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
achine. Two days later you went to San Francisco, you want to see your }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 email,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  but you can\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t because your email is on your machine at home. The server does not have it anymore. This one email will come over each other.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 While it will }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 work,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and we used it for \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
a long time it was not a good option. The replacement of that to IMAP was much better. IMAP had much more power than that. When you go to the server to retrieve your email the email will stay on the server. If you travel anywhere in the world you don
\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t ha\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 v\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e to worry about your machine.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Number 2, if you wanted to put your e-mails on different directories because some are }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 important,}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and some are from family you can create directories.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Number 3. You have limited bandwidths. You }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 travel,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  and you know on your pho\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ne you have a limited bandwidth. A friend sends you a funny video and you want to read what they are saying to make sure no one is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 dead,}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  but I have no interest in seeing the video now. You can retrieve a piece of that email. The header and text -- all of th
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 e flexibility was not allowed, so when IMAP came we were very happy to use it.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 1990. Anybody? 1998. What happened in 1998? Something that we take for granted today, Hotmail. What Hotmail did changed everything. Hotmail was sold for 400 million dollars to \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
Microsoft but it\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 
s not about the money. What they changed was major. What they created -- what is the difference between email and browsing? Big difference. Browsing you get a file from a server. This is mail servers. Going back to the picture... If this 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 s the case, what prevents me from showing your e-mails in a way that looks like a webpage? Nothing you make an interface here.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 When you get the email show it to me in a way that looks like a webpage. Here I run http. Http is a pull. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 So,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  let\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 s look at the p\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
ull capability of http. I can run my client as Gmail or Hotmail, Yahoo, whatever it is. The interface looks like a webpage. My email when I write them looks like a webpage. When I send it goes to a mail server maintained by Hotmail or Gmail. That server w
\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 i\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 ll communicate with the receiver of }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 SMTP}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 that is purely mail. Bob can use IMAP or http if he wants. It is easier because you are pulling. If Bob is using a web interface like Gmail then what he has to do is connect to his server.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 You are connecting to an \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 email server not an http server. Bob can retrieve his email and it change everything. It was so good because before you were restricted to your company\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2 s and internet service provider. If yours was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 Video Tran}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  then they give you that email at that provider\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 Or if you are sitting in your company and you apply for another job, when you write the email they will fire you because you are applying for another company using this company email. The whole idea changed the market.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 You can use now mail pop3, IMAP, o\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 r http. That takes care of e-mails.
\par \line \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 What time is it? I think it would be ridiculous to start something else, so we will stop here. I will schedule for the lecture guys. It is almost 100% that that lecture will be on Saturday or Sunday. I don\hich\f2 
\rquote \loch\f2 t like }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid3366887\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 it,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs24\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid15104118 \hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2 
 but\hich\af2\dbch\af31505\loch\f2  we don\hich\f2 \rquote \loch\f2 t have a choice.
\par \line }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs2 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs2\cf1\insrsid15032135\charrsid3833196 {\*\bkmkstart TheVeryLastPage}{\*\bkmkend TheVeryLastPage}
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax375\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000b0ca
ad1b765bd401feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}